tagItemSetC001Name|Guardsman's Raiment
tagItemSetC001NameB|Peacekeeper's Raiment
tagItemSetC002Name|Explorer's Garments
tagItemSetC003Name|Maiven's Sanctuary
tagItemSetC003NameB|Maiven's Sanctum
tagItemSetC004Name|Bloodreaper's Glory
tagItemSetC004NameB|Bloodreaper's Carnage
tagItemSetC005Name|Marauder's Justice
tagItemSetC005NameB|Marauder's Judgment
tagItemSetC006Name|Herald's Regalia
tagItemSetC006NameB|Herald's Markings
tagItemSetC007Name|The Apothecary
tagItemSetC007NameB|The Soothsayer
tagItemSetC008Name|Perdition
tagItemSetC008NameB|Absolution
tagItemSetC009Name|The Unseeing Eye
tagItemSetC010Name|Sharpshooter's Mark
tagItemSetC011Name|Unholy Covenant
tagItemSetC012Name|Royal Exuberance
tagItemSetC013Name|Oathbreaker
tagItemSetC013NameB|Oathbreaker's Flame
tagItemSetC014Name|Adornments of Valiance
tagItemSetC015Name|Carnage
tagItemSetC016Name|The Paragon of Arcanum
tagItemSetC017Name|Dawnguard
tagItemSetC018Name|Wrath of Alkamos
tagItemSetC018NameB|Rage of Alkamos
tagItemSetC019Name|Miasma
tagItemSetC019NameB|Deathly Miasma
tagItemSetC020Name|Brimstone
tagItemSetC020NameB|Everburning Brimstone
tagItemSetC021Name|The Eastern Pledge
tagItemSetC022Name|Wildcaller
tagItemSetC022NameB|Wildcaller's Call
tagItemSetC023Name|The Praetorian
tagItemSetC024Name|Keeper of the Flame
tagItemSetC025Name|Callidor's Regalia
tagItemSetC026Name|Myrmidon Armor
tagItemSetC027Name|Mogdrogen's Tranquility
tagItemSetC028Name|The Arcane Storm
tagItemSetC029Name|Elemental Balance
tagItemSetD001Name|Justicar Armor
tagItemSetD002Name|The Sacred Balance
tagItemSetD003Name|Beastcaller's Regalia
tagItemSetD004Name|Dawnbreaker's Light
tagItemSetD005Name|The Harbinger
tagItemSetD006Name|Judicator's Signets
tagItemSetD007Name|Demonslayer's Garb
tagItemSetD008Name|Barrelsmith's Twins
tagItemSetD009Name|Wildblood Vanguard
tagItemSetD010Name|The Clairvoyant
tagItemSetD011Name|Invoker's Elements
tagItemSetD012Name|Markovian's Fortress
tagItemSetD013Name|Ulzuin's Avatar
tagItemSetD014Name|Shroud of Dreeg
tagItemSetD015Name|The Deathmark
tagItemSetD016Name|Iskandra's Unity
tagItemSetD017Name|Ultos' Storm
tagItemSetD018Name|Trozan's Ascension
tagItemSetD019Name|Valdun's Treachery
tagItemSetD020Name|The Venomblade Pact
tagItemSetD021Name|Black Flame Covenant
tagItemSetD022Name|Light's Defender
tagItemSetD023Name|The Infernal Knight
tagItemSetD024Name|Wrath of Agrivix
tagItemSetD025Name|Warborn Armor
tagItemSetD026Name|Bloodrager's Frenzy
tagItemSetD027Name|Sigils of the Executioner
