tagItemSetC001Name|Uniforme della Guardia
tagItemSetC001NameB|Armatura della Guardia
tagItemSetC002Name|Abiti dell'Esploratore
tagItemSetC003Name|Santuario di Maiven
tagItemSetC003NameB|Sanctorum di Maiven
tagItemSetC004Name|Gloria del Mietitore di Sangue
tagItemSetC004NameB|Massacro del Mietitore di Sangue
tagItemSetC005Name|Giustizia del Predone
tagItemSetC005NameB|Giudizio del Predone
tagItemSetC006Name|Abiti Cerimoniali dell'Araldo
tagItemSetC006NameB|Insegne dell'Araldo
tagItemSetC007Name|Lo Speziale
tagItemSetC007NameB|L'Indovino
tagItemSetC008Name|Perdizione
tagItemSetC008NameB|Assoluzione
tagItemSetC009Name|L'Occhio che non Vede
tagItemSetC010Name|Simbolo del Franco Tiratore
tagItemSetC011Name|Empia Congrega
tagItemSetC012Name|Esuberanza Regale
tagItemSetC013Name|Spezza Giuramento
tagItemSetC013NameB|Fiamma dello Spezza Giuramento
tagItemSetC014Name|Ornamenti del Valore
tagItemSetC015Name|Massacro
tagItemSetC016Name|Il Campione dell'Arcano
tagItemSetC017Name|Guardia dell'Alba
tagItemSetC018Name|Collera di Alkamos
tagItemSetC018NameB|Rabbia di Alkamos
tagItemSetC019Name|Miasma
tagItemSetC019NameB|Miasma Mortale
tagItemSetC020Name|Zolfo Fiammeggiante
tagItemSetC020NameB|Zolfo Bruciante
tagItemSetC021Name|La Promessa Orientale
tagItemSetC022Name|Maestro delle Lande
tagItemSetC022NameB|Vocazione del Maestro delle Lande
tagItemSetC023Name|Il Pretoriano
tagItemSetC024Name|Custode della Fiamma
tagItemSetC025Name|Insegne di Callidor
tagItemSetC026Name|Armatura del Mirmidone
tagItemSetC027Name|Tranquillità di Mogdrogen
tagItemSetC028Name|La Tempesta Arcana
tagItemSetC029Name|Bilancio Elementale
tagItemSetD001Name|Armatura del Conciliatore
tagItemSetD002Name|La Sacra Bilancia
tagItemSetD003Name|Abiti Cerimoniali dell'Evocatore di Bestie
tagItemSetD004Name|Luce dello Spezza Alba
tagItemSetD005Name|L'Araldo
tagItemSetD006Name|Sigilli del Giudice
tagItemSetD007Name|Abiti del Cacciatore di Demoni
tagItemSetD008Name|Gemelle dell'Armiere
tagItemSetD009Name|Avanguardia Sangue Selvaggio
tagItemSetD010Name|Il Chiaroveggente
tagItemSetD011Name|Elementi dell'Invocatore
tagItemSetD012Name|Fortezza di Markovian
tagItemSetD013Name|Avatar di Ulzuin
tagItemSetD014Name|Velo di Dreeg
tagItemSetD015Name|Il Marchio della Morte
tagItemSetD016Name|Unità di Iskandra
tagItemSetD017Name|Tempesta di Ultos
tagItemSetD018Name|Ascensione di Trozan
tagItemSetD019Name|Tradimento di Valdun
tagItemSetD020Name|Il Patto delle Lame Avvelenate
tagItemSetD021Name|Patto della Nera Fiamma
tagItemSetD022Name|Difensore della Luce
tagItemSetD023Name|Il Cavaliere Infernale
tagItemSetD024Name|Collera di Agrivix
tagItemSetD025Name|Reliquie della Prima Guerra
tagItemSetD026Name|Follia della Furia Sanguinaria
tagItemSetD027Name|Sigillo del Boia
tagGDX1ItemSetC018CName|Miseria di Alkamos
tagGDX1ItemSetC101Name|Corruttore di Spiriti
tagGDX1ItemSetC101BName|Corruttore di Anime
tagGDX1ItemSetC102Name|Il Guardiano d'Argento
tagGDX1ItemSetC102BName|La Sentinella d'Argento
tagGDX1ItemSetC103Name|Veggente della Fiammata
tagGDX1ItemSetC104Name|Il Lord Mago
tagGDX1ItemSetC105Name|Camminatore del Terrore
tagGDX1ItemSetC106Name|Uniforme Luminari
tagItemSetC009BName|Sguardo del Veggente Cieco
tagItemSetC010BName|Dovere del Tiratore Scelto
tagItemSetC011BName|Patto del Profanatore
tagItemSetC016BName|Il Paradigma di Panetti
tagItemSetC017BName|Scudo dell'Alba
tagItemSetC021BName|Giuramento dell'Est
tagItemSetC024BName|Custode delle Fiamme
tagItemSetC025BName|Difesa di Callidor
tagItemSetC026BName|Bastione del Mirmidone
tagItemSetC027BName|Pace di Mogdrogen
tagItemSetC028BName|La Tempesta Arcana
tagItemSetC029BName|Armonia Elementale
tagGDX1ItemSetD101Name|Armamenti di Krieg
tagGDX1ItemSetD102Name|Vendicatore della Natura
tagGDX1ItemSetD103Name|Pastore delle Anime Perse
tagGDX1ItemSetD104Name|Ardore di Octavius
tagGDX1ItemSetD105Name|Il Cataclisma
tagGDX1ItemSetD106Name|Guardia di Pietra
tagGDX1ItemSetD107Name|Fortezza della Legione
tagGDX1ItemSetD108Name|Furia di Korba
tagGDX1ItemSetD109Name|Abito della Fiammata Oscura
tagGDX1ItemSetD110Name|Il Flagella Magie
tagGDX1ItemSetD111Name|L'Ammazza Maghi
tagGDX1ItemSetD112Name|Fame di Valguur
tagGDX1ItemSetD113Name|Il Vincola Rune
tagGDX1ItemSetD114Name|Sembianze di Uroboruuk
tagGDX1ItemSetD115Name|Capolavoro di Allagast
tagGDX1ItemSetD116Name|Distruzione di Dagallon
tagGDX1ItemSetD117Name|Paramorte
tagGDX1ItemSetD118Name|Visione dell'Indovino
tagGDX1ItemSetD119Name|Dono dell'Oscuro
tagGDX1ItemSetD120Name|Massacro di Belgothian
tagGDX1ItemSetD121Name|Follia di Radaggan
tagGDX1ItemSetD122Name|Lingua di Brina
tagGDX1ItemSetD123Name|Il Cavaliere del Sangue
tagItemSetD001BName|Guardia di Justicar
tagItemSetD002BName|La Sacra Armonia
tagItemSetD003BName|Uniforme della Chiamata della Natura
tagItemSetD004BName|Luce del Cercatore dell'Alba
tagItemSetD005BName|Messaggio dell'Araldo
tagItemSetD006BName|Sigillo del Giudicatore
tagItemSetD007BName|Armamenti dell'Ammazza Demoni
tagItemSetD008BName|Distruttore di Barrelsmith
tagItemSetD009BName|Avanguardia Cuore Selvaggio
tagItemSetD010BName|Il Focus del Chiaroveggente
tagItemSetD011BName|Volontà dell'Invocatore
tagItemSetD012BName|Bastione di Markovian
tagItemSetD013BName|Avatar Infernale di Ulzuin
tagItemSetD014BName|Inganno di Dreeg
tagItemSetD015BName|Ombra del Marchio Mortale
tagItemSetD016BName|Unificazione di Iskandra
tagItemSetD017BName|Tempesta di Ultos
tagItemSetD018BName|Viola Celo di Trozan
tagItemSetD019BName|Tradimento di Valdun
tagItemSetD020BName|Il Patto della Lama Vile
tagItemSetD021BName|Patto della Nera Fiamma
tagItemSetD022BName|Guardiano della Luce
tagItemSetD023BName|Il Campione Infernale
tagItemSetD024BName|Rabbia di Agrivix
tagItemSetD025BName|Bastione Nato dalla Guerra
tagItemSetD026BName|Frenesia Senza Fine della Furia Sanguinaria
tagItemSetD027BName|Sigillo del Terrore di Alkamos
tagItemSetC008CName|Amnistia
tagItemSetC007CName|Il Profeta
tagItemSetC013CName|Follia del Traditore
tagItemSetC015BName|Carneficina Sfrenata
tagGDX2ItemSetC201Name|Piastra di Baldir
tagGDX2ItemSetC201BName|Abiti Cerimoniali di Baldir
tagGDX2ItemSetC202Name|Il Serpente della Tempesta
tagGDX2ItemSetC203Name|Fiamma Incandescente
tagGDX2ItemSetC204Name|Giuramento di Daega
tagGDX2ItemSetC205Name|Pietra del Padre
tagGDX2ItemSetD201Name|Guardiano Infranto
tagGDX2ItemSetD202Name|Il Conquistatore
tagGDX2ItemSetD203Name|Sussurro Gelido
tagGDX2ItemSetD204Name|Orgoglio di Ludrigan
tagGDX2ItemSetD205Name|Mangiatore d'Ossa
tagGDX2ItemSetD206Name|Luce della Virtù
tagGDX2ItemSetD207Name|Sentinella dei Tre
tagGDX2ItemSetD208Name|Artificio di Harra
tagGDX2ItemSetD209Name|Il Ciclone
tagGDX2ItemSetD210Name|Tormento di Rah'Zin
tagGDX2ItemSetD211Name|Il Signore della Piaga
tagGDX2ItemSetD212Name|Malizia di Ghol
tagGDX2ItemSetD213Name|Gingilli di Bysmiel
tagGDX2ItemSetD214Name|Il Demone delle Dune di Korvan
tagGDX2ItemSetD215Name|Riflessioni di Pyran
tagGDX2ItemSetD216Name|Artigianato di Targo
tagGDX2ItemSetD217Name|L'Anima del Vuoto
tagGDX2ItemSetD218Name|Rotgheist
tagGDX2ItemSetD219Name|Armatura della Notte Eterna
tagGDX2ItemSetD220Name|Guardiano del Velo
tagGDX2ItemSetD221Name|Bevitore di Sangue
tagGDX2ItemSetD222Name|Richiamo di Ember
