tagItemSetC001Name|Indumentária do Soldado da Guarda
tagItemSetC001NameB|Indumentária do Pacificador
tagItemSetC002Name|Vestes do Explorador
tagItemSetC003Name|Santuário de Maiven
tagItemSetC003NameB|Sacrário de Maiven
tagItemSetC004Name|Glória do Ceifador Sanguinário
tagItemSetC004NameB|Carnificina do Ceifador Sanguinário
tagItemSetC005Name|Justiça do Saqueador
tagItemSetC005NameB|Julgamento do Saqueador
tagItemSetC006Name|Paramentos do Arauto
tagItemSetC006NameB|Marcas do Arauto
tagItemSetC007Name|O Boticário
tagItemSetC007NameB|O Adivinho
tagItemSetC008Name|Perdição
tagItemSetC008NameB|Absolvição
tagItemSetC009Name|O Olho que não Vê
tagItemSetC010Name|Marca do Franco-atirador
tagItemSetC011Name|Pacto Profano
tagItemSetC012Name|Exuberância Real
tagItemSetC013Name|Perjuro
tagItemSetC013NameB|Chama do Perjuro
tagItemSetC014Name|Adereços da Valentia
tagItemSetC015Name|Carnificina
tagItemSetC016Name|O Paradigma do Arcano
tagItemSetC017Name|Guarda da Aurora
tagItemSetC018Name|Ira de Alkamos
tagItemSetC018NameB|Raiva de Alkamos
tagItemSetC019Name|Miasma
tagItemSetC019NameB|Miasma Mortal
tagItemSetC020Name|Enxofre
tagItemSetC020NameB|Enxofre Sempre Ardente
tagItemSetC021Name|A Promessa Oriental
tagItemSetC022Name|Evocador Selvagem
tagItemSetC022NameB|Chamado do Evocador Selvagem
tagItemSetC023Name|O Pretoriano
tagItemSetC024Name|Guardião da Chama
tagItemSetC025Name|Paramentos de Callidor
tagItemSetC026Name|Armadura do Mirmidão
tagItemSetC027Name|Tranquilidade de Mogdrogen
tagItemSetC028Name|A Tempestade Arcana
tagItemSetC029Name|Equilíbrio Elemental
tagItemSetD001Name|Armadura do Justicar
tagItemSetD002Name|O Equilíbrio Sagrado
tagItemSetD003Name|Paramentos do Evocador de Feras
tagItemSetD004Name|Luz de Quebraurora
tagItemSetD005Name|O Precursor
tagItemSetD006Name|Sinetes do Judicante
tagItemSetD007Name|Farda do Assassino de Demônios
tagItemSetD008Name|Gêmeos do Forja-canos
tagItemSetD009Name|Vanguarda do Sangue Selvagem
tagItemSetD010Name|O Clarividente
tagItemSetD011Name|Elementos do Invocador
tagItemSetD012Name|Fortaleza de Markovian
tagItemSetD013Name|Avatar de Ulzuin
tagItemSetD014Name|Sudário de Dreeg
tagItemSetD015Name|A Marca da Morte
tagItemSetD016Name|Unidade de Iskandra
tagItemSetD017Name|Tempestade de Ultos
tagItemSetD018Name|Ascensão de Trozan
tagItemSetD019Name|Perfídia de Valdun
tagItemSetD020Name|O Pacto da Lâmina Venenosa
tagItemSetD021Name|Pacto da Chama Negra
tagItemSetD022Name|Defensor da Luz
tagItemSetD023Name|O Cavaleiro Infernal
tagItemSetD024Name|Ira de Agrivix
tagItemSetD025Name|Armadura da Guerra
tagItemSetD026Name|Frenesi do Furissangue
tagItemSetD027Name|Sigilos do Executor
tagGDX1ItemSetC018CName|Miséria de Alkamos
tagGDX1ItemSetC101Name|Corruptor de Espíritos
tagGDX1ItemSetC101BName|Corruptor de Almas
tagGDX1ItemSetC102Name|O Guardião de Prata
tagGDX1ItemSetC102BName|A Sentinela de Prata
tagGDX1ItemSetC103Name|Vidente Flamejante
tagGDX1ItemSetC104Name|O Senhor da Magia
tagGDX1ItemSetC105Name|Andarilho Pavoroso
tagGDX1ItemSetC106Name|Paramentos Luminari
tagItemSetC009BName|O Olhar que não Vê
tagItemSetC010BName|Dever do Franco-atirador
tagItemSetC011BName|Pacto do Profanador
tagItemSetC016BName|O Paradigma de Panetti
tagItemSetC017BName|Escudo da Aurora
tagItemSetC021BName|O Juramento Oriental
tagItemSetC024BName|Guardião da Labareda
tagItemSetC025BName|Defesa de Callidor
tagItemSetC026BName|Bastião do Mirmidão
tagItemSetC027BName|Paz de Mogdrogen
tagItemSetC028BName|A Tormenta Arcana
tagItemSetC029BName|Harmonia Elemental
tagGDX1ItemSetD101Name|Armamento de Krieg
tagGDX1ItemSetD102Name|Vingador da Natureza
tagGDX1ItemSetD103Name|Pastor das Almas Perdidas
tagGDX1ItemSetD104Name|Ardor de Octavius
tagGDX1ItemSetD105Name|O Cataclismo
tagGDX1ItemSetD106Name|Guarda Pétrea
tagGDX1ItemSetD107Name|Fortaleza da Legião
tagGDX1ItemSetD108Name|Fúria de Korba
tagGDX1ItemSetD109Name|Farda do Fulgor Negro
tagGDX1ItemSetD110Name|O Flagelo Místico
tagGDX1ItemSetD111Name|O Assassino de Magos
tagGDX1ItemSetD112Name|Fome de Valguur
tagGDX1ItemSetD113Name|O Cosedor Rúnico
tagGDX1ItemSetD114Name|Induto de Uroboruuk
tagGDX1ItemSetD115Name|Obra-prima de Allagast
tagGDX1ItemSetD116Name|Destruição de Dagallon
tagGDX1ItemSetD117Name|Guarda da Morte
tagGDX1ItemSetD118Name|Visão do Adivinho
tagGDX1ItemSetD119Name|Dádiva do Sombrio
tagGDX1ItemSetD120Name|Matança de Belgothian
tagGDX1ItemSetD121Name|Insensatez de Radaggan
tagGDX1ItemSetD122Name|Língua Geosa
tagGDX1ItemSetD123Name|O Cavaleiro Sangrento
tagItemSetD001BName|Guarda do Justicar
tagItemSetD002BName|A Harmonia Sagrada
tagItemSetD003BName|Paramentos do Chamado da Natureza
tagItemSetD004BName|Luz de Buscaurora
tagItemSetD005BName|Mensagem do Precursor
tagItemSetD006BName|Selos do Judicante
tagItemSetD007BName|Armamento do Assassino de Demônios
tagItemSetD008BName|Destruidores do Forja-canos
tagItemSetD009BName|Vanguarda do Coração Selvagem
tagItemSetD010BName|Foco do Clarividente
tagItemSetD011BName|Vontade do Invocador
tagItemSetD012BName|Bastião de Markovian
tagItemSetD013BName|Avatar Infernal de Ulzuin
tagItemSetD014BName|Enganação de Dreeg
tagItemSetD015BName|Sombra da Marca da Morte
tagItemSetD016BName|Unificação de Iskandra
tagItemSetD017BName|Tormenta de Ultos
tagItemSetD018BName|Rompimento do Céu de Trozan
tagItemSetD019BName|Traição de Valdun
tagItemSetD020BName|O Pacto da Lâmina Vil
tagItemSetD021BName|Pacto do Abrasamento Negro
tagItemSetD022BName|Guardião da Luz
tagItemSetD023BName|O Campeão Infernal
tagItemSetD024BName|Raiva de Agrivix
tagItemSetD025BName|Bastião da Guerra
tagItemSetD026BName|Frenesi sem Fim do Furissangue
tagItemSetD027BName|Sigilos Pavorosos de Alkamos
tagItemSetC008CName|Anistia
tagItemSetC007CName|O Áugure
tagItemSetC013CName|Insensatez do Perjuro
tagItemSetC015BName|Carnificina Deliberada
tagGDX2ItemSetC201Name|Placas de Baldir
tagGDX2ItemSetC201BName|Paramentos de Baldir
tagGDX2ItemSetC202Name|A Serpente da Tempestade
tagGDX2ItemSetC203Name|Labareda Purulenta
tagGDX2ItemSetC204Name|Juramento de Daega
tagGDX2ItemSetC205Name|Petrarca
tagGDX2ItemSetD201Name|Guardião Despedaçado
tagGDX2ItemSetD202Name|O Subjugador
tagGDX2ItemSetD203Name|Sussurro Frio
tagGDX2ItemSetD204Name|Orgulho de Ludrigan
tagGDX2ItemSetD205Name|Negociante de Ossos
tagGDX2ItemSetD206Name|Luz da Virtude
tagGDX2ItemSetD207Name|Sentinela dos Três
tagGDX2ItemSetD208Name|Artifício de Harra
tagGDX2ItemSetD209Name|O Ciclone
tagGDX2ItemSetD210Name|Tormento de Rah'Zin
tagGDX2ItemSetD211Name|O Senhor Infeccioso
tagGDX2ItemSetD212Name|Malícia de Ghol
tagGDX2ItemSetD213Name|Quinquilharias de Bysmiel
tagGDX2ItemSetD214Name|O Demônio das Dunas de Korvan
tagGDX2ItemSetD215Name|Ruminações de Pyran
tagGDX2ItemSetD216Name|Ofício de Targo
tagGDX2ItemSetD217Name|A Alma do Vazio
tagGDX2ItemSetD218Name|Putregheist
tagGDX2ItemSetD219Name|Armadura da Noite Eterna
tagGDX2ItemSetD220Name|Guardião do Véu
tagGDX2ItemSetD221Name|Bebedor de Sangueira
tagGDX2ItemSetD222Name|Chamado da Brasa
