tagItemSetC001Name|Ubiór Strażnika
tagItemSetC001NameB|Szaty Rozjemcy
tagItemSetC002Name|Wyposażenie Odkrywcy
tagItemSetC003Name|Sanktuarium Maiveny
tagItemSetC003NameB|Święte Miejsce Maiveny
tagItemSetC004Name|Chwała Krwawego Żniwiarza
tagItemSetC004NameB|Masakra Krwawego Żniwiarza
tagItemSetC005Name|Sprawiedliwość Banity
tagItemSetC005NameB|Osąd Banity
tagItemSetC006Name|Insygnia Herolda
tagItemSetC006NameB|Znaki Herolda
tagItemSetC007Name|Aptekarz
tagItemSetC007NameB|Uśmierzacz Bólu
tagItemSetC008Name|Potępienie
tagItemSetC008NameB|Rozgrzeszenie
tagItemSetC009Name|Niewidzące Oko
tagItemSetC010Name|Znak Strzelca Wyborowego
tagItemSetC011Name|Nikczemne Przymierze
tagItemSetC012Name|Królewska Obfitość
tagItemSetC013Name|Złamana Przysięga
tagItemSetC013NameB|Płomień Złamanej Przysięgi
tagItemSetC014Name|Przebranie Wielkiej Odwagi
tagItemSetC015Name|Rzeź
tagItemSetC016Name|Wzór Sztuk Magicznych
tagItemSetC017Name|Strażnik Świtu
tagItemSetC018Name|Gniew Alkamosa
tagItemSetC018NameB|Furia Alkamosa
tagItemSetC019Name|Wyziew
tagItemSetC019NameB|Zabójczy Wyziew
tagItemSetC020Name|Ogień Piekielny
tagItemSetC020NameB|Wieczniepłonący Ogień Piekielny
tagItemSetC021Name|Przysięga Wschodu
tagItemSetC022Name|Przyzywacz Dziczy
tagItemSetC022NameB|Wołanie Przyzywacza Dziczy
tagItemSetC023Name|Pretorianin
tagItemSetC024Name|Władca Płomieni
tagItemSetC025Name|Uroczysty Strój Callidora
tagItemSetC026Name|Zbroja Myrmidona
tagItemSetC027Name|Opanowanie Mogdrogena
tagItemSetC028Name|Ezoteryczna Burza
tagItemSetC029Name|Elementarna Równowaga
tagItemSetD001Name|Pancerz Justycjariusza
tagItemSetD002Name|Wyświęcona Równowaga
tagItemSetD003Name|Uroczysty Strój Wołającego Bestie
tagItemSetD004Name|Światło Brzasku
tagItemSetD005Name|Zwiastun
tagItemSetD006Name|Sygnety Judykatury
tagItemSetD007Name|Strój Łowcy Demonów
tagItemSetD008Name|Bliźniaki Rusznikarza
tagItemSetD009Name|Dzika Krew
tagItemSetD010Name|Jasnowidz
tagItemSetD011Name|Przybory Zaklinacza
tagItemSetD012Name|Forteca Markoviana
tagItemSetD013Name|Avatar Ulzuina
tagItemSetD014Name|Całun Dreega
tagItemSetD015Name|Znak Śmierci
tagItemSetD016Name|Jedność Iskandry
tagItemSetD017Name|Burza Ultosa
tagItemSetD018Name|Wyświęcenie Trozana
tagItemSetD019Name|Zdrada Valduna
tagItemSetD020Name|Pakt Zatrutego Ostrza
tagItemSetD021Name|Przymierze Czarnego Płomienia
tagItemSetD022Name|Obrońca Światła
tagItemSetD023Name|Piekielny Rycerz
tagItemSetD024Name|Gniew Agrivixa
tagItemSetD025Name|Zbroja Zrodzona w Boju
tagItemSetD026Name|Szał Łaknącego Krwi
tagItemSetD027Name|Pieczęcie Kata
tagGDX1ItemSetC018CName|Męka Alkamosa
tagGDX1ItemSetC101Name|Koruptor Duchów
tagGDX1ItemSetC101BName|Koruptor Dusz
tagGDX1ItemSetC102Name|Srebrny Wartownik
tagGDX1ItemSetC102BName|Srebrny Strażnik
tagGDX1ItemSetC103Name|Proroczy Przebłysk
tagGDX1ItemSetC104Name|Mag Władca
tagGDX1ItemSetC105Name|Siejący Postrach
tagGDX1ItemSetC106Name|Strój Luminari
tagItemSetC009BName|Niewidzące Spojrzenie
tagItemSetC010BName|Służba Strzelca Wyborowego
tagItemSetC011BName|Profanator Nikczemnego Przymierza
tagItemSetC016BName|Wzór Panettiego
tagItemSetC017BName|Osłona Strażnika Świtu
tagItemSetC021BName|Wschodnia Przysięga
tagItemSetC024BName|Gloria Władcy Płomieni
tagItemSetC025BName|Defensywa Callidora
tagItemSetC026BName|Bastion Myrmidona
tagItemSetC027BName|Spokój Mogdrogena
tagItemSetC028BName|Aetherialna Nawałnica
tagItemSetC029BName|Harmonia Żywiołów
tagGDX1ItemSetD101Name|Uzbrojenie Kriega
tagGDX1ItemSetD102Name|Mściciel Natury
tagGDX1ItemSetD103Name|Pasterz Straconych Dusz
tagGDX1ItemSetD104Name|Namiętność Octaviusa
tagGDX1ItemSetD105Name|Kataklizm
tagGDX1ItemSetD106Name|Kamienna Ochrona
tagGDX1ItemSetD107Name|Twierdza Legionu
tagGDX1ItemSetD108Name|Szał Korby
tagGDX1ItemSetD109Name|Mroczna Pożoga
tagGDX1ItemSetD110Name|Magiczny Bicz
tagGDX1ItemSetD111Name|Pogromca Magów
tagGDX1ItemSetD112Name|Głód Valguura
tagGDX1ItemSetD113Name|Władca Run
tagGDX1ItemSetD114Name|Przebranie Uroboruuka
tagGDX1ItemSetD115Name|Arcydzieło Allagasta
tagGDX1ItemSetD116Name|Destrukcja Dagallona
tagGDX1ItemSetD117Name|Strażnik Śmierci
tagGDX1ItemSetD118Name|Wizja Wróżbity
tagGDX1ItemSetD119Name|Dar Mrocznego
tagGDX1ItemSetD120Name|Rzeź Belgothiana
tagGDX1ItemSetD121Name|Szaleństwo Radaggana
tagGDX1ItemSetD122Name|Oszroniony Jęzor
tagGDX1ItemSetD123Name|Rycerz Krwi
tagItemSetD001BName|Garda Justycjariusza
tagItemSetD002BName|Wyświęcona Harmonia
tagItemSetD003BName|Regalia Zewu Natury
tagItemSetD004BName|Światło Poszukiwacza Brzasku
tagItemSetD005BName|Wiadomość Zwiastuna
tagItemSetD006BName|Pieczęcie Judykatora
tagItemSetD007BName|Uzbrojenie Pogromcy Demonów
tagItemSetD008BName|Niszczyciele Rusznikarza
tagItemSetD009BName|Przednia Straż Dzikiego Serca
tagItemSetD010BName|Fokus Jasnowidza
tagItemSetD011BName|Wola Zaklinacza
tagItemSetD012BName|Bastion Markoviana
tagItemSetD013BName|Piekielne Wcielenie Ulzuina
tagItemSetD014BName|Podstępność Dreega
tagItemSetD015BName|Cień Naznaczonego Śmiercią
tagItemSetD016BName|Zjednoczenie Iskandry
tagItemSetD017BName|Nawałnica Ultosa
tagItemSetD018BName|Nieboskłon Trozana
tagItemSetD019BName|Zdrada Valduna
tagItemSetD020BName|Pakt Nikczemnego Ostrza
tagItemSetD021BName|Testament Spalonej Czerni
tagItemSetD022BName|Strażnik Światła
tagItemSetD023BName|Wieczny Czempion
tagItemSetD024BName|Wściekłość Agrivixa
tagItemSetD025BName|Bastion Zrodzonych w Boju
tagItemSetD026BName|Wieczne Szaleństwo Łaknącego Krwi
tagItemSetD027BName|Przerażające Pieczęcie Alkamosa
tagItemSetC008CName|Amnestia
tagItemSetC007CName|Augur
tagItemSetC013CName|Szaleństwo Wiernych Przysiędze
tagItemSetC015BName|Rzeźnia Wantona
tagGDX2ItemSetC201Name|Płyta Baldira
tagGDX2ItemSetC201BName|Regalia Baldira
tagGDX2ItemSetC202Name|Sztormowy Wąż
tagGDX2ItemSetC203Name|Gnijący Blask
tagGDX2ItemSetC204Name|Przysięga Daegi
tagGDX2ItemSetC205Name|Kamienny Ojciec
tagGDX2ItemSetD201Name|Roztrzaskany Strażnik
tagGDX2ItemSetD202Name|Zwycięzca
tagGDX2ItemSetD203Name|Mroźny Szept
tagGDX2ItemSetD204Name|Duma Ludrigana
tagGDX2ItemSetD205Name|Handlarz Kości
tagGDX2ItemSetD206Name|Światło Cnoty
tagGDX2ItemSetD207Name|Strażnik Trójcy
tagGDX2ItemSetD208Name|Podstęp Harra
tagGDX2ItemSetD209Name|Cyklon
tagGDX2ItemSetD210Name|Udręka Rah'Zina
tagGDX2ItemSetD211Name|Pan Zarazy
tagGDX2ItemSetD212Name|Złośliwość Ghola
tagGDX2ItemSetD213Name|Świecidełka Bysmiel
tagGDX2ItemSetD214Name|Korvański Wydmowy Wróg
tagGDX2ItemSetD215Name|Rozmyślania Pyrana
tagGDX2ItemSetD216Name|Rzemiosło Targo
tagGDX2ItemSetD217Name|Dusza z Otchłani
tagGDX2ItemSetD218Name|Czerwony Duch
tagGDX2ItemSetD219Name|Zbroja Wiecznej Nocy
tagGDX2ItemSetD220Name|Strażnik Zasłony
tagGDX2ItemSetD221Name|Chłeptacz Posoki
tagGDX2ItemSetD222Name|Wzywające Zgliszcza
